Good day dear friends
maybe even in the evening because
I write this regular podcast
of course in the evening and something I have to
notice that I cleaned out with these
podcasts are too many
it became but the fact is that they are constantly
practically there is something to tell you dear
friends today specifically I would like to
say about the group in contact in general
not always can i know your opinion no
I can always find out what you want
if we are all friends we will be in
group there we can we can we
we can arrange a vote
to vote for this or that thing
which I should add
implement and something in this spirit is something
change because in the comments
let's say the same vote do
impossible
it's hard to know what people are interested in
that people will look in general so in
the group is now in this 400 people
is on full govnesche she
really terrible she is ugly but
it is and think friends with you we
can it somehow have the wind blowing right
whistles so miraculously somehow not
scary somehow miraculously we can
and we will be able to ennoble them there
talk talk see what
new we can do what we can not
Overall, I will be really very happy
guys if you help me and join
this group also you can add
me as a friend that would also be very
cool there I do something sometimes too
I'll probably still in this sense
so friends are like that
my car we laid out
honestly yes i agree i did
made a lot of shoals but just me
Now I will make excuses again, okay, but
what can you do in general I have had it
spontaneous recordings I think I sit at three o'clock
Nights three o'clock in the morning I think damn necessary
write down quickly ran recorded
mounted dock sleep in the morning woke up
laid out all machinima ready no friends
Of course it was given to shoot everything with
multiple takes
I have dealt with this all once again
much more serious will house
you should get a lot better to connect
a few more people I won't be yet
say who is it so again not
broke loose
and many have asked this ali one of mine
cool projects there is no project this at all
not planned machinima but I kind of
liked interesting really
nice new experience but it is not
planned to say it again spontaneously
that's not what i wanted to do so
friends don't worry it's just one
of which chips I constantly try
I love constantly trying myself in something
new after all just sit still not
interesting in general, here and so guys
actually about the group I just wanted
talk so far no events
important wanted to talk about the group so
that the guys join there will be
appear vote in which we and
we will decide what we should do
which direction is worth moving on
because it is not always clear that is what
can say viewers want to see
so it will be collaboration
I think everyone will be from this well in general
that 's all my friends wanted to say
podcasts and will do the time from
thanks for listening to me
very grateful and perhaps up to the new
meetings yet